# State Assembly Site
# What it Does
I built this project while serving as the Mid-Atlantic State JSA Speaker of the State Assembly. I led over 1500 students across 6 US States, and my job was to oversee the State Assembly, the legislative branch of JSA, responsible for making all changes in the organizaiton via legislation we passed.

When I came into power, the State Assembly had many problems, namely those of publicity and accessiblity. I built this website, the first of its kind, to host guides, tools, and forms that eventually brought participation and legislation to all time highs.

The site has the following features, all explained further in depth below:
1. Provides information about how the State Assembly works, along with guides
2. Has a built in outreach tool connected to a MySQL database
3. Has a built in bill formatter tool capable of taking in info and giving the user an RTF file that is also transferrable to Google Docs

# Feature 1: Information
I learned a lot about front-end development while building out the site, utilizing bootstrap and CSS to create an attractive site capable of distributing information in a concise manner to any confused JSAers.

Here is a screenshot of the site's landing:

# Feature 2: Outreach
The site has a built in outreach form used to assess the problems of JSAers, and every submitted problem is stored into a MySQL database, which I built and administrated myself, and is then brought up at the next State Assembly meeting.

Here is a screenshot of the outreach tool:

# Feature 3: Bill Creation/Formatting
Perhaps the most tedious part of creating a bill is the formatting. The fonts, font sizes, and indentations all take a while to master and memorize, and hece I built this tool into the site to let a computer do the hard work for the bill creation. I also learned about the PHPRtfLite library while building out this tool.

Here is a screenshot of a sample bill generated by the creation tool:

# Results 
This site brought State Assembly participation, engagement, and legislation to all time highs, clearly demonstrating its effectiveness and usability. The site garnered about 1200 unique vistors but had 20,000 page visits, proving that students kept coming back to the site to continue using its tools.
